um I think I took the wrong turn I'm a
road called stay lake road but
apparently I'm on somewhere near
Florence Lake Road and this is new and
holy crap I wasn't expecting this I
thought was gonna be an easy ride and
hit a bunch of I don't know if I got it
on video but like oh my god moments
because I just wasn't ready I just was
out for a leisurely ride and so I'm
going to turn around and head back out
and just hope I don't wipe out because
Cheryl will kill me I don't have the
spot I'll have cell phone coverage and
I'm back in the middle of nowhere
although I did see one truck so bikes
going to go work out great suspension
and handling everything that I'm hitting
here which I wasn't expecting and snow
seal it
that was just a wrong turn up a new road
that I've never ridden before and it was
a bit challenging just because I'm not
used to the bike off road they're
calling it florence lake forest service
road i always thought it was stayed lake
right up there come back to the bike at
least the bikes dirty for a good reason
yeah you can see that the mud sling does
its job there's the spring okay play
didn't stop and everything intact no
wipeouts
okay beautiful day out and spontaneous
ride had no idea I was going to do this
that's it